Meeting 4
Date: 15/10/19

Discussed my development over the last week of creating the base transaction data structures.
This includes their meta data, inputs and outputs using helper classes.
Got a good idea of what I am doing going forward for adding transactions to blocks.

Discussed reading and writing to file for inputs and outputs in order to be used and 
what file formats I should use for this.

Plan for the next two weeks is to start processing transaction signatures (generation and verification)
and processing the value of these transactions including when the output is smaller than the input for 
sending transaction fees.

As we are not meeting next week if I complete this I also plan to try adding transactions to blocks
using merkle tree structures.
